feat(wbh): add troubleshooting (#4356)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/webhosting/troubleshooting/cant-access-website-mail.mdx

---
meta:

>   title: Troubleshooting mail or website access issues
>   description: This page suggests solutions if you cannot access your mail or website.
> content:
>   h1: Troubleshooting mail or website access issues
>   paragraph: This page suggests solutions if you cannot access your mail or website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: Troubleshooting email or website access issues
  description: This page suggests solutions if you cannot access your emails or website.
content:
  h1: Troubleshooting email or website access issues
  paragraph: This page suggests solutions if you cannot access your emails or website.
```

tags: web-hosting troubleshooting
dates:
  validation: 2025-02-05
  posted: 2025-02-05
categories:
  - webhosting
---

## Problem

> You are unable to access your mail or website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are unable to access your emails or website.
```

### Symptoms
- The website does not load or shows an error.
- Your domain does not resolve correctly.
- You encounter connection timeouts or security warnings.

## Possible causes
- DNS records are not set up correctly.
- Your hosting service is experiencing downtime.
- Your IP address may be blocked by a firewall.

## Solution

#### Check if DNS records are set up correctly or need time to propagate
- Verify your domain's DNS records in [Scaleway’s DNS management interface](/webhosting/how-to/configure-dns-webhosting/).
- Use a DNS checker (e.g., [whatsmydns.net - DNS Propagation Checker](https://www.whatsmydns.net/)) to ensure your domain resolves correctly.

> - If you've recently updated DNS settings, allow **up to 48 hours** for full propagation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have recently updated DNS settings, allow **up to 48 hours** for full propagation.
```
